Subject sterling balance sheet strengthens underpriced stock
itec environmenta  group  inc   otcbb  itec 
research partnership with honeyweil fm  t  itec has
deveioped and successfully commercialized a
revoiutionary new system for the recyciing of piastic
containers   source  news      
current price    
while past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resuits  price and voiume have dramatically picked up
in march  wi   this trend continue  if you think so 
you may not want to wait until it is too  ate 
reasons to consider itec   source  recent press
reieases 
  itec environmenta  group  inc  projects continued
growth and increased revenue in connection with h 
muehlstein agreement and commitments from plastic
recycling corp  of california  the piastic recyciing
corp  of caiifornia  prcc  has committed to make
available to itec up to  million pounds of material
per year  upon the successfu  compietion of the first
plant  the company believes it will sel  approximateiy
 mi   ion pounds of pet and hdpe flake  generating
approximately   miilion in revenues during its first
year of operation  ebitda of approximateiy   million
and a gross profit margin of   
  itec environmental group  inc  enters into letter of
intent to acquire rose waste systems  inc   an
  year  oid engineering and sales company with
anticipated revenues in  oo  of at  east   million 
in exchange for    oo  ooo shares of common stock of
itec 
  itec environmenta  group  inc  enters into agency
agreement with h  muehistein  co   inc   for saies of
itec  s pet and hdpe  h  muehlstein wi   act as itec  s
exclusive agent for the purchase and sale annuaily of
up to  miilion pounds of itec  s pet fiake and
post  consumer hdpe natura  fiake and peliets in the
united states and canada 
  itec environmenta  group  inc  announces intention
to raise capital to buiid two facilities for the
production of pet and hdpe fiake  the company is
seeking to raise   o miilion to expand its operations
through the creation of two new facilities in
california  the piants wiil be used by itec to remove
a   contaminants  dirt   abeis and odors from ail
major types of recyclabie piastics using its
demonstrated eco   tm  system  which system produces
the highest value clean  marketabie piastic flakes
used as raw materiais to create new piastic products 
  itec environmenta  group  inc  announces successfu 
recapitalization  gary de laurentiis  itec  s chief
executive officer  said   we beiieve the
recapitaiization wi   create greater interest among
professiona  investors and institutions and are
optimistic itec couid secure up to   miilion in
financing during ql of   
about itec  source  news march    oo  
itec environmental group offers solutions to pressing
environmental problems faced by public agencies and
private entities invoived in the recycling of
plastics  in a research partnership with honeyweil
fm  t  itec has developed and successfully
commerciaiized a revolutionary new system for the
recycling of piastic containers  its proprietary
eco   tm  system costs    ess to operate  uses no
water  removes ail contaminates and odors from the
finished flake  is closed   oop and thus non  poiluting 
and produces no toxic by  products 
                                 
please watch this one trade  good luck and succesfu 
trading   
information within this email contains  forward
looking statements  within the meaning of section  a
of the securities act of  and section  b of the
securities exchange act of   any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions  expectations  beiiefs  plans 
projections  objectives  goals  assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica 
fact and may be  forward  ooking statements   forward
 ooking statements are based on expectations 
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actual results or
events to differ materialiy from those presently
anticipated  forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
 projects    foresee    expects    wil   
 anticipates    estimates    beiieves    understands 
or that by statements indicating certain actions
 may    could   or  might  occur  as with many
microcap stocks  today  s company has additional risk
factors worth noting  these factors include  a  arge
accumulated deficit  a large negative net worth  a
going concern opinion from its auditor  a nomina  cash
position  a note receivable from an officer  advances
from officers to pay expenses  no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a limited operating history  the
company is going to need financing  if that financing
does not occur  the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you couid
lose your entire investment  other factors inciude
genera  economic and business conditions  the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects  the abiiity
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has  ittie or no control  the
publisher of this newsietter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a materia  fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading  a   information provided within this emai 
pertaining to investing  stocks  securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice  the publisher of this newsietter advises al 
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona  securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai   none of the material within this report
shal  be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation  many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy  you can lose ail your money by
investing in this stock  we urge you to read the
company  s sec fiiings now  before you invest  the
pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered
in  vestment advisor  subscribers should not view
information herein as lega   tax  accounting or
investment advice  in compiiance with the securities
act of   section   b   the pubiisher of this
newsietter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do   ars from a third party  not an officer 
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report  be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias  the party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wiil sel  at anytime without notice 
this couid have a negative impact on the price of the
stock  causing you to  ose money  al  factual
information in this report was gathered from public
sources  inciuding but not limited to sec fiiings 
company websites and company press reieases  the
pubiisher of this newsietter beiieves this information
to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its
accuracy or completeness  use of the materia  within
this emai  constitutes your acceptance of these terms 
if you wish to stop future mailings  or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership  piease go here or send a blank
e mai  with no thanks in the subject to   stock   yahoo  com  